FTheoryTools documentation improvements (#5048)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: experimental/FTheoryTools/docs/src/weierstrass.md

Users can construct Weierstrass models over such concrete toric bases with the following constructors:

```@docs
weierstrass_model(base::NormalToricVariety; completeness_check::Bool = true)
weierstrass_model(base::NormalToricVariety, f::MPolyRingElem, g::MPolyRingElem; completeness_check::Bool = true)
```

For convenience ---ideal for quick experiments and educational purposes--- we also support constructors for Weierstrass models over commonly chosen base spaces:

```@docs
weierstrass_model_over_projective_space(d::Int)
weierstrass_model_over_hirzebruch_surface(r::Int)
weierstrass_model_over_del_pezzo_surface(b::Int)
```

A number of Weierstrass models have gained popularity within the F-theory community. Those models are often associated with specific publications, maybe informally referred to by the author names or particular buzz words. For these established constrctions, we provide support through the specialized `literature_model` interface, which is discussed on a dedicated page within this documentation.

---

## Attributes and Properties of Weierstrass Models

> Weierstrass, global Tate and hypersurface models are very similar: They all encode an elliptic fibration as a hypersurface in an ambient space. They differ in details, but in brought strokes are similar. As such, they share attributes and properties. The shared properties and attributes are collected on a different page (the link to which I still need to insert here). Among others, they include `base_space`, `ambient_space` and `fiber_ambient_space`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weierstrass, global Tate and hypersurface models are very similar: They all encode an elliptic fibration as a hypersurface in an ambient space. They differ in details, but in broad strokes are similar. As such, they share attributes and properties. The shared properties and attributes are collected in [Functionality for all F-theory models](@ref "Functionality for all F-theory models"). Among others, they include `base_space`, `ambient_space` and `fiber_ambient_space`.
```

Author: Good catch. Thx!

Author: https://github.com/oscar-system/Oscar.jl/pull/5048/commits/db2f95090df30a6f93a378bae6c78eb1ff447c74 should hopefully fix this.

!!! warning
    The classification of singularities is performed using a Monte Carlo algorithm, i.e. it involves random sampling. While the implementation has been extensively tested and meets high standards, its probabilistic nature may occasionally yield non-deterministic results.

Sometimes, one might wish to take an existing model and then change some of its parameters, more specifically its tunable sections, in an attempt to create a different singularity structure. We provide support for this through the following method:
```@docs
tune(w::WeierstrassModel, special_section_choices::Dict{String, <:MPolyRingElem}; completeness_check::Bool = true)
```
More details ---in particular what tunable sections are--- are discussed in the exposition of the `tune` function described in [Functionality for all F-theory models](@ref).

> While the singularities are critical for non-trivial physics, our understanding of how we can read-off the physics directly from quantities of the singular geometry is limited. Instead, it is standard in the F-theory model building to employ a crepant resolution and then to investigate the resulting resolved space. Of course, many resolution techniques do exist. Among them, we focus on blowups, which can be facilitated by the `blow_up` function. The resulting model will thereafter be partially resolved --- crepant resolutions may not exist/resolve only certain singularities. Currently, no checks are executed to test if a model is smooth following a blowup or a sequence therefore. Instead, the function `is_partially_resolved` will always return `true` if a blowup has been applied to the model in question. More details can be found on the dedicated documentation page (the link to which is to be inserted here).

Reviewer: There is another link missing here.

Author: Good catch. Thx!

Author: https://github.com/oscar-system/Oscar.jl/pull/5048/commits/db2f95090df30a6f93a378bae6c78eb1ff447c74 should hopefully fix this.
